NARRATOR Our heroes have arrived
in Anistar City
where Serena and her Pokémon
are busy rehearsing
for the upcoming
Pokémon Showcase.
And ta‐da.
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
‐ That was awesome, Serena.
‐ Yeah. You're so cool.
Thank you all so much.
Looks like you're all set
for tomorrow.
I wish. No, not yet.
That is, if I wanna
perform as well as Aria.
[AGREEMENT]
Eevee, that's so nice.
Be sure to watch
tomorrow's showcase.
We're gonna win.
Then we'll perform
together the next time.
[EXCITED]
Bunnelby, I'm glad
you're here, too.
Eevee's much more relaxed
with you around.
[CONTENT]/[GRATEFUL]
Huh?
[EXCITED]/[NERVOUS]
[DISAPPOINTED]
CLEMONT
Come on, Chespin.
You don't wanna scare Eevee.
Sorry, Chespin.
I'm sure Eevee will get
used to things soon.
TIERNO
'There you are.'
‐ Huh?
Hey, you guys.
Long time no see.
ASH
'Hi, Tierno.'
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero
be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Tag Team Battle Inspiration."
One, two, three, four.
[EXERTION]
How's it going, everybody?
It's great to see you.
[AGREEMENT]
And you..
I'm super‐happy to see you.
Thanks. Nice to see you, too.
‐ Hey, Tierno?
‐ Yeah?
Your Wartortle evolved
into a Blastoise.
You bet.
TIERNO
'We've been practicing'
'our rhythmic battle routines
ever since.'
[gasps]
You're big.
[PLAYFUL]
That's great.
POKEDEX Blastoise.
The Shellfish Pokémon.
Blastoise's heavy body weight
can leave opponents
unable to battle.
It retreats into its shell
when necessary.
A Blastoise, huh?
Huh. They're not here yet,
are they?
SHAUNA
'Hey, guys.'
[gasping]
You made it here before we did.
Ha. I'm number one.
Shauna. How have you been?
Just fine. How about you?
I'm great. Are you going to be
in the Pokémon Showcase?
Yeah.
Looks like we're in
for some heated
performances tomorrow.
Yay. Can't wait.
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
[SALUTATIONS]/[HAPPY]
[SALUTATIONS]/[CONTENT]
[NERVOUS]
All set? I'll bet you've been
working hard, Serena.
‐ Am I right?
‐ Yup. And this time I'll win.
Bring it on.
What do you say, Ivysaur?
[AGREEMENT]
Bulbasaur evolved
into an Ivysaur.
POKEDEX
Ivysaur. The Seed Pokémon.
As Ivysaur takes in nutrients
a large flower blooms
from the bulb on its back.
Oh, wow.
I saw you perform
in the Dendemille Showcase.
SHAUNA 'So, your Fennekin
evolved into a Braixen.'
Braixen's looking good.
Thanks.
[EXCITED]/[AGREEMENT]
Wow. An Eevee?
[NERVOUS]/[REASSURING]
Now, is Eevee your partner, too?
Sure is.
Eevee, this is Shauna.
[CONFUSED]
She's a friend.
You see, Eevee
is just a bit timid.
Ah.
It lived in the forest alone
so, it's not used to having
so many people around.
It'll get used to it.
I'm jealous.
You have so many
performance possibilities
depending on
how you raise Eevee.
‐ Possibilities?
‐ Yeah.
For example, if it evolves
into Flareon, a Fire type
'you can do an awesome
fiery performance with Braixen.'
[FIRE SPIN ATTACK]
SHAUNA 'But if it evolves into
Leafeon, a Grass type'
'a performance with Pancham
would be really interesting.'
[EXERTION]
Or Umbreon.
SHAUNA
'A Dark‐type Pokémon.'
'There's also Glaceon,
an Ice type.'
[gasps]
SHAUNA
'And Espeon, a Psychic type.'
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
SHAUNA
'Or Jolteon, an Electric type.'
[CONFUSED]
SHAUNA
'Vaporeon's a Water type.'
[EXERTION]
SHAUNA
'And finally there's Sylveon'
'a Fairy type.'
[EXERTION]
Just think of it.
Depending on how Eevee evolves
there are lots of performance
possibilities.
Wow. I didn't realize
I had so many options.
Amazing, don't you think?
[CONFUSED]
Now, it's really up to you
to bring out one
of those possibilities.
You can do it.
Mm‐hmm. I'll do my best.
Hey. Why isn't Trevor
with you guys?
The plan was he was supposed
to come with us
but he found another Pokémon
'that's not
in his photo collection yet'
'so he's been
chasing it around.'
[laughs]
CLEMONT
'That's Trevor, alright.'
‐ 'For sure.'
‐ Oh, cool.
I'd really like to know what
Pokémon Trevor's looking for.
I'd really like to know, too.
So the next time we see him,
we'll ask.
Mm‐hmm.
Ash, challenging
the Anistar Gym next?
Right.
Well, I already challenged it.
Wow, you did?
Did you end up
earning the Gym badge?
Nah, I lost.
Wow, that's quite a surprise.
The Gym Leader there
must be strong.
Anistar Gym.
It's a Psychic‐type Gym,
if I recall.
It sure is.
Whoa. A Psychic‐type Gym.
What kind of battle was it?
It's that hard to win there?
Well..
...it's kind of hard
to explain it.
It's sort of mysterious
and truly incredible.
‐ Hold on.
‐ Huh?
I'll find out
for myself instead.
[EXCITED]
I'll just let it be a surprise.
Good idea. Much better.
That Ash is always so upbeat.
That's why you like him, right?
[gasps]
Like him? Uh..
It is true that his
positive mental attitude
is something I admire a bit.
Huh? Wait, what was that?
[grunting]
It wasn't important.
Uh, okay.
Oh, boy.
[HAPPY]/[CONTENT]
[NERVOUS]
[CONFUSED]
[FORCEFUL]
[SCARED]
Eevee?
[DISAPPOINTED]
Hey.
Chespin, you stay right here.
[UPSET]
Oh, poor Chespin.
Eevee's really shy.
It's really going to be
with you in the Showcase?
Mm‐hmm.
My hope is Eevee will be
in the next one.
I see, but lots of people
always show up
so, Eevee might get nervous.
It could be a little
bit of a problem.
Hm.
Yeah, you're right.
Eevee's still not
all that comfortable with us.
Nah. Eevee seemed just fine
when I came up to it slowly.
And Eevee knows
how to dance incredibly well.
Really?
I do wish you could
all see it dance.
It's just beautiful.
[CONFUSED]
Don't worry.
I'm sure you're gonna
keep working really hard.
And before you know it
you'll be performing
your dance
for everybody.
[AGREEMENT]
[REASSURING]
[UNSURE]
Eevee.
Hey, I know what.
Let's go train.
[SCARED]
You talk way too loud.
[ANNOYED]
[SCARED]
It's okay.
Just try reaching out to them
little by little.
You should get used to the
other Pokémon at your own pace.
Then it won't be too long
before you're comfortable
with everyone.
It just takes time, kay?
SERENA
'You can do it.'
[AGREEMENT]
[EXCITED]/[SCARED]
Chespin, shh.
[AGREEMENT]
Eevee? I'm right here,
so you don't have to worry.
[UNSURE]/[REASSURING]
Why is Eevee only comfortable
around Bunnelby?
That's something
only Eevee knows.
[CURIOUS]/[UNSURE]
[REASSURING]/[UNSURE]
[NERVOUS]
[HAPPY]
[PANIC]
[REASSURING]
[NERVOUS]
[UNSURE]/[PANICKED]
[HAPPY]
[AGREEMENT]
[URGING]/[AGREEMENT]
Okay, Pikachu's up next.
[CURIOUS]
EEVEE
[UNSURE]
[HAPPY]
Now, the last one.
Yeah, you can do it, Eevee.
[PANICKED]
[SCARED]
You're doing great.
Keep it up.
[UNSURE]
Just a bit more.
[FOCUSED]/[UNSURE]
[OVERWHELMED]
[SCARED]
‐ Aw.
[PETRIFIED]
[REASSURING]
I think this is gonna
take a little time
Mm‐hm.
[SCARED]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Ivysaur.
[APPEARING]
You were good. Really.
[UNSURE]
Eevee, is it too much?
Does performing in front of
all those people
make you scared, huh?
[CONFUSED]
You don't have to do it
if you don't want to.
[UPSET]
Really?
Does that mean
you want to dance?
[DETERMINED]
Thank you so much.
TV ANNOUNCER 'And now, it's time
to see this week's number one.'
'It's Aria.'
Do you know who she is?
That's the reigning
Kalos Queen.
I wanna be just like her.
I even got to meet Aria
a while back.
You know what she taught me?
Something really important
that I'll always remember.
[AGREEMENT]
[CURIOUS]
A Pokémon performer
always has to wear
a wonderfully radiant smile.
ARIA 'That's the way
you make everyone'
'in your audience happy.'
Yeah.
[DETERMINED]
Now. This battle's
really heating up.
Time to show us the bond
between all of you.
That's it.
‐ A battle?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
Sounds fun.
Alright, count me in.
You're gonna have a battle?
Count me in too.
Aw, thank you, everyone.
So why don't we
have a Tag Battle?
A Tag Battle, huh? What teams?
Serena and me.
And how does
you and Tierno sound?
Sounds awesome.
Should be a lot of fun.
I'm game.
And how about you, Serena?
Perfect.
Would you like to be
my battling partner, Eevee?
We might get some
good performance ideas.
[AGREEMENT]
Alright, it's Serena and Shauna
versus Ash and Tierno.
CLEMONT
'The Tag Battle will now begin.'
CLEMONT 'Trainers will only use
one Pokémon each'
and the battle will be over
when both Pokémon on either team
are unable to continue.
‐ Hmm.
Go, all of you.
[EXCITED]
Eevee?
Remember you're battling
with me.
So you're not alone.
[HAPPY]
Now, let's win it
with style, Ivysaur.
[AGREEMENT]
Alright, everyone,
battle begin.
Let's do it, Pikachu.
Electro Ball.
[AGREEMENT]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
I knew Ash would go first.
Ivysaur, use Energy Ball.
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
That was great, Shauna.
So were you, Ash.
Hey, hey, hey.
Now, time for our
rhythmic battle style.
Okay, Blastoise, Rapid Spin.
[RAPID SPIN MOVE]
Eevee, Protect.
[PROTECT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
‐ Hey, not bad.
‐ Use Razor Leaf.
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
Take some steps backwards.
Yeah.
[EXERTION]
‐ Yeah.
‐ Pikachu, Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Dodge it, Eevee.
[PANICKED]
‐ Eevee.
‐ Oh, no.
[PANICKED]
[DETERMINED]/[CONFUSED]
[CONCERN]
Hey there, that was close.
Are you okay, Eevee?
Shauna, thanks a lot.
BONNIE
'You can do it, Eevee.'
[EXCITED]
All the way.
[CONFUSED]
SERENA
'Eevee?'
This is what
battling's all about.
Like it?
[HAPPY]
There's no way I'm done yet.
Time for some rhythm.
Eevee? Let's show them.
[DETERMINED]/[FOCUSED]
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, and four.
'One, two, and three, and four.'
Mm‐hmm.
Show them how you can dance,
Eevee.
Wow. I can't wait to see that.
We'll just have to see if you
can keep up with our moves.
Yeah. One, two, three, four,
one, two, one, two, one, two.
It's so fast.
Use Water Gun.
[WATER GUN MOVE]
Now, Eevee, jump.
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]
Alright. Look at that.
[HAPPY]
Great work, Serena.
‐ Eevee, too.
‐ Mm‐hmM.
And we're just getting started.
[EXERTION]
Use Iron Tail.
[AGREEMENT]/[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[gasps]
You okay, Ivysaur?
The battle's still on.
Keep your eyes open.
Oh, we will. Ivysaur.
Vine Whip, go.
[WHINE WHIP MOVE]
Dodge it.
[EXERTION]
Blastoise, keep up
with the quick rhythm.
[FOCUSED]
Huh?
[gasps]
Eevee, quick. Use Swift.
[SWIFT MOVE]
[gasps]
[EXERTION]
TIERNO
Blastoise.
[sighs]
Wow.
That Eevee's really something.
It totally countered
all our rhythm tactics.
Yeah.
You're in sync.
Hard to believe
this is the first time
you and Eevee
have battled together.
[EXCITED]
Huh?
Serena?
Yes.
I've got an idea.
Shauna?
Can we put this on hold?
‐ Huh?
That move made me think
of a new performance routine.
I wanna practice right away.
I'm the one who asked you
all to battle.
I'm sorry.
Well, if it's for
something like that.
Go give it all you've got.
Yeah, he's right.
If it's going to be good
for your performance
you should do it.
Yeah, Serena, good luck.
You'll be great.
Thanks.
That's really nice of you.
Eevee, Braixen, Pancham, too.
Let's go rehearse.
[AGREEMENT]/[EXCITED]
[DISAPPOINTED]
So, the battle's all done?
No way.
We'll just have a battle
against each other.
That sounds good. I'm in, Ash.
[AGREEMENT]
Then you two go ahead.
We're going to work
on our performance as well.
Serena won't get a jump on us.
[AGREEMENT]
Okay, let's keep this going.
Alright, the Pokémon battle
between Ash and Tierno
will now begin.
Better get ready,
because here we come.
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
We're not gonna lose.
Hydro Pump, go.
[HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
See, it would be totally amazing
if you could teach us
how to dance like you do.
[CONFUSED]
Watching your moves
gave me a great idea
for a Pokémon
Showcase performance.
[CONFUSED]
[EXCITED]
[AGREEMENT]
[laughs]
Thanks, Eevee. You're the best.
[GRATEFUL]
[HAPPY]
We'll create our new
performance routine together.
[HAPPY]
Looks like
they're going for it.
So what do you say you and I
brush up on our Princess Key
performance, too?
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
[Serena screams]
[PANICKED]
I can't believe it's so late.
Hey, what time does
registration end?
Real soon.
We'll make it if we run, right?
NARRATOR The Anistar City
Pokémon Showcase
is soon to get under way.
Will Serena be able to win
her second Princess Key
with the help of Braixen,
Pancham, and Eevee?
The exciting answer to come,
as the journey continues.